I am on the nineteenth floor of one canada square in London, and that is a beautiful sunset.
And soon the sun will disappear under the horizon and it will be dusk.
The night does not technically start, at least officially, until the sun is 18 degrees below the horizon.
And until then there are three types of twilight.
First, there is civil twilight, that is when the sky is still a little light and you can walk quietly without worrying about something.
That is zero to six degrees below the horizon.
The following is nautical twilight.
That is when you can just see the horizon, under the sky, when you are sailing on a boat.
That is six to twelve degrees.
Finally, there is astronomical twilight,
where it is just a little too light for the whole dull objects such as nebulae and galaxies to show up in the sky.
That is twelve to eighteen degrees.
Then, when the sun goes down, it becomes formally night.
But it's like that. With high summer when it is very bright
when the sun is high in the sky,
the kingdom is northern enough that it never gets night.
That we are constantly in twilight from evening to morning,
until finally the autumn comes again and we dunk again in the night.
America just does not get ... Vancouver, in Canada, just falls under that description.
But the entire UK, and of course a large part of northern Europe,
we have whole seasons that we never have ever, well technically, night.
That is twilight. That is a beautiful sunset. And that is something that you may not have known.
Translated and subtitled by: Siem